c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.Models.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.Models.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\obj\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.Model.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\obj\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.Models.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\obj\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.Models.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Business.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.DB.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Models.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Business.pdb
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.DB.pdb
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\TomKlonowski.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
