c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Api.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Api.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Api.Models.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Api.Models.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\obj\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\obj\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\obj\Debug\TomKlonowski.Api.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Business.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Data.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.DB.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Models.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Business.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Data.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.DB.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Models.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\TomKlonowski.Api.XML
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Api.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TomKlonowski.Api\TomKlonowski.Api\bin\ServiceStack.Api.Swagger.xml
